Rest assured.
I'll answer these questions one by one for everyone in a moment.
Now let's go to the break room to adjust.
Thank you.
General Director Tran.
Give me some news.
Haven't you been contacted yet?
Turn off the phone
I don't know what the heck this guy thinks.
Why is the phone off right now?
The cloud police won't just disappear.
He must have done something urgent.
No matter how important he was, he couldn't suddenly disappear right now.
The press conference starts in three minutes.
After three minutes, if he doesn't show up,
What do I tell the reporters?
How do we tell those netizens?
I have sent a message to the White House.
Let him help me find someone.
There should be results soon.
That's all that's possible now.
General Director Chen, the time for the press conference has come.
Reporter, we're waiting.
The sword hanging above can not be sent
You get to the top for me first.